⌘header⟪Boxes⟫

The content of one or more paragraphs can be framed inside a ⌘bold⟪box⟫, optionally filled with a background of a specified color.

Boxes can also have divider lines separating different paragraphs. The background color can be changed partway through the box paragraphs.


⌘begin list．

* 【⌘begin box．】

Start a new box. This command should appear on its own paragraph with no additional content.

* 【⌘end box．】

Close the current box. This command should appear on its own paragraph with no additional content.

* 【⌘box divider．】

Insert a box divider line. This command should appear on its own paragraph with no additional content.

* 【⌘box frame thickness⟪⁓thickness⁓⟫】

Set the frame thickness for boxes

* 【⌘box frame color⟪⁓color argument⁓⟫】
【⌘box frame colour⟪⁓color argument⁓⟫】

Set the frame color for boxes (see the ⌘intralink⟪Colors；colors⟫ help page)

* 【⌘box background color⟪⁓color argument⁓⟫】
【⌘box background colour⟪⁓color argument⁓⟫】

Set the background color boxes (see the ⌘intralink⟪Colors；colors⟫ help page)


⌘end list．



⌘subheader⟪Examples⟫

The code

【+⌘box frame color⟪black⟫％
⌘begin box．】％
【+A simple box】％
【+There was a table set out under a tree in front of the house, and the March Hare and the Hatter were having tea at it: a Dormouse was sitting between them, fast asleep, and the other two were using it as a cushion, resting their elbows on it, and talking over its head. “Very uncomfortable for the Dormouse,” thought Alice; “only, as it’s asleep, I suppose it doesn’t mind.”】％
【+The table was a large one, but the three were all crowded together at one corner of it: “No room! No room!” they cried out when they saw Alice coming. “There’s plenty of room!” said Alice indignantly, and she sat down in a large arm-chair at one end of the table.】％
【+⌘end box．】

produces

⌘box frame color⟪black⟫⌘begin box．

A simple box

There was a table set out under a tree in front of the house, and the March Hare and the Hatter were having tea at it: a Dormouse was sitting between them, fast asleep, and the other two were using it as a cushion, resting their elbows on it, and talking over its head. “Very uncomfortable for the Dormouse,” thought Alice; “only, as it’s asleep, I suppose it doesn’t mind.”

The table was a large one, but the three were all crowded together at one corner of it: “No room! No room!” they cried out when they saw Alice coming. “There’s plenty of room!” said Alice indignantly, and she sat down in a large arm-chair at one end of the table.


⌘end box．

The code


【+⌘box frame color⟪black⟫⌘box background color⟪0.89；0.95；0.8⟫】％
【+⌘begin box．】％
【+A box with several sections】％
【+Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the bank, and of having nothing to do: once or twice she had peeped into the book her sister was reading, but it had no pictures or conversations in it, “and what is the use of a book,” thought Alice “without pictures or conversations?”】％
【+⌘box divider．】％
【+So she was considering in her own mind (as well as she could, for the hot day made her feel very sleepy and stupid), whether the pleasure of making a daisy-chain would be worth the trouble of getting up and picking the daisies, when suddenly a White Rabbit with pink eyes ran close by her.】％
【+⌘box divider．】％
【+⌘box background color⟪light gray⟫％
There was nothing so very remarkable in that; nor did Alice think it so very much out of the way to hear the Rabbit say to itself, “Oh dear! Oh dear! I shall be late!” (when she thought it over afterwards, it occurred to her that she ought to have wondered at this, but at the time it all seemed quite natural); but when the Rabbit actually took a watch out of its waistcoat-pocket, and looked at it, and then hurried on, Alice started to her feet, for it flashed across her mind that she had never before seen a rabbit with either a waistcoat-pocket, or a watch to take out of it, and burning with curiosity, she ran across the field after it, and fortunately was just in time to see it pop down a large rabbit-hole under the hedge.】％
【+⌘end box．】



typesets as

⌘box frame color⟪black⟫⌘box background color⟪0.89；0.95；0.8⟫

⌘begin box．

A box with several sections

Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the bank, and of having nothing to do: once or twice she had peeped into the book her sister was reading, but it had no pictures or conversations in it, “and what is the use of a book,” thought Alice “without pictures or conversations?”

⌘box divider．

So she was considering in her own mind (as well as she could, for the hot day made her feel very sleepy and stupid), whether the pleasure of making a daisy-chain would be worth the trouble of getting up and picking the daisies, when suddenly a White Rabbit with pink eyes ran close by her.

⌘box divider．

⌘box background color⟪light gray⟫％
There was nothing so very remarkable in that; nor did Alice think it so very much out of the way to hear the Rabbit say to itself, “Oh dear! Oh dear! I shall be late!” (when she thought it over afterwards, it occurred to her that she ought to have wondered at this, but at the time it all seemed quite natural); but when the Rabbit actually took a watch out of its waistcoat-pocket, and looked at it, and then hurried on, Alice started to her feet, for it flashed across her mind that she had never before seen a rabbit with either a waistcoat-pocket, or a watch to take out of it, and burning with curiosity, she ran across the field after it, and fortunately was just in time to see it pop down a large rabbit-hole under the hedge.


⌘end box．

The code



【+⌘begin box．】％
【+⌘box background color⟪0.95；0.9；0.9⟫％
⌘paraheader⟪Theorem (Euclid).⟫ There are infinitely many prime numbers.】％
【+⌘box background color⟪white⟫％
⌘paraheader⟪Proof.⟫ Let M̂⟪n>=1⟫, and let M̂⟪p_1, p_2, ..., p_k⟫ be the prime numbers in M̂⟪[1,n]⟫. Let M̂⟪N= n!+1⟫, and note that M̂⟪N⟫ is relatively prime to M̂⟪2,...,n⟫. Thus if M̂⟪p⟫ is a prime factor of M̂⟪N⟫ then, since M̂⟪N⟫ is relatively prime to M̂⟪2⟫, M̂⟪p⟫ cannot be M̂⟪2⟫; since M̂⟪p⟫ is relatively prime to M̂⟪3⟫, M̂⟪p⟫ cannot be M̂⟪3⟫, etc. In general, M̂⟪p⟫ cannot be any of the numbers M̂⟪p_1,...,p_k⟫. Therefore we have M̂⟪p>n⟫. We have shown that for any M̂⟪n>=1⟫ there is a prime M̂⟪p⟫ bigger than M̂⟪n⟫. Thus, there are infinitely many prime numbers.】％
【+⌘end box．】


typesets as

⌘begin box．

⌘box background color⟪0.95；0.9；0.9⟫％
⌘paraheader⟪Theorem (Euclid).⟫ There are infinitely many prime numbers.


⌘box divider．

⌘box background color⟪white⟫％
⌘paraheader⟪Proof.⟫ Let M̂⟪n>=1⟫, and let M̂⟪p_1, p_2, ..., p_k⟫ be the prime numbers in M̂⟪[1,n]⟫. Let M̂⟪N= n!+1⟫, and note that M̂⟪N⟫ is relatively prime to M̂⟪2,...,n⟫. Thus if M̂⟪p⟫ is a prime factor of M̂⟪N⟫ then, since M̂⟪N⟫ is relatively prime to M̂⟪2⟫, M̂⟪p⟫ cannot be M̂⟪2⟫; since M̂⟪p⟫ is relatively prime to M̂⟪3⟫, M̂⟪p⟫ cannot be M̂⟪3⟫, etc. In general, M̂⟪p⟫ cannot be any of the numbers M̂⟪p_1,...,p_k⟫. Therefore we have M̂⟪p>n⟫. We have shown that for any M̂⟪n>=1⟫ there is a prime M̂⟪p⟫ bigger than M̂⟪n⟫. Thus, there are infinitely many prime numbers.

⌘end box．

⌘subheader⟪See also⟫ 

⌘begin list．

* ⌘intralink⟪Colors；Colors⟫

⌘end list．